what's up guys Tommy here bringing you a
call of duty black ops commentary this
gameplay was sent in by invisible chimp
his link was Twitter and youtuber in the
description of the video if you want to
go see this is a fucking awesome
gameplay I just watch it now it is a 43
one regular TDM not ground more regular
TDM with the Galil extended mags I can't
see what the parks on the moment because
it kind of started a bit late but shape
it later on 43 and one second only to my
infamous 43 and 0 mp40 gameplay world at
war I'm kidding this is amazing gameplay
thanks very much the guy sent it in and
yeah what I wanna talk about this game
is firstly i just mentioned like sending
a game place thing i mentioned last time
that i wanted it to upload to z chair if
any of you guys want to send me
gameplays I've kind of changed my mind
now I figured that she'll be good
because I get a preview of it and you
know I can just download it straight
from there the raw file but I've
realized actually said she also gives me
problems believe or not this is the this
is literally the worst intern I've ever
used so it's absolutely terrible like
tesco broadband it makes tesco broadband
look good but um what I've decided now
is if you guys want to send me gameplays
it will actually be easier for you to
upload it to youtube and then I can use
some software to rip it straight from
there and it pretty much preserves all
the quality I'll surprised you can
actually download the straight an HD
obviously it's not like exactly the same
as the raw file but it is pretty close
to it and yeah see if you guys want a
semi gameplay probably be easier just to
upload straight to youtube and then just
send me a message saying you know this
is what it is I use X guns and why perks
and whatever I just let me know and then
leave via Twitter or YouTube or whatever
and I'll put it in the description of
the video like I said I can't guarantee
i'll use everyone's but i may or may not
use yours anyways anyways it's just
called in his black bird he's on a very
nice kill streak at the moment the
scores pretty much even though he's
absolutely raping facing the other team
was wonder where that phrase came from
raping face you think about it rapes a
horrible thing and yet it's used
commonly in shoots games like this but
uh yeah anyways I've been working pretty
hard to make some content for you guys I
know I've been slacking recently I do
apologize for that I have had several
messages from people saying that I
should be making more videos and I
should I feel bad I feel like I'm
letting you guys down or something I
just have a lot of personal stuff going
on the moment
as well as work and stuff I'm actually
literally having to like lock myself in
my room so people don't disturb me
actually I tell you what I'm going to
the library tonight and literally lock
myself in there so I can do some
programming because otherwise I just get
distracted by everything you know I like
allocate a few hours to myself I say
this time and this time between here
Tommy you were just going to work and
you're not going to fuck around at all
you're not gonna you know you're not
going to watch random youtube videos
you're not just gonna like play games on
your laptop you're just going to work
and when it comes around to it I end up
spending the first couple of hours just
messing around then I realized i've gone
wrong try to work for about 10 minutes
get distracted by something else you
know that you know the process you guys
probably experienced it as well but
basically i'm terrible at time
management that's my problem if any of
you guys have any tips on managing time
properly then just let me know but
basically I have to force myself to work
but i just put locking myself away from
distractions but um yeah that's my life
that was fun wasn't there talking about
that but you can see using the chopper
gunner right now and radiation is not
really a great map well not really great
in general in my opinion but um
radiation is definitely not good map for
the chopper gunner because this massive
building here and the underground of
course I find that radiation is actually
really fun for domination just because
of that be flag in the center is
actually really it's very contested it's
very hard to get hold of because you can
come from a top there's all kind of loud
as you can drop down and stuff it's a
very nice map of domination but when it
comes to TDM i just find it extremely
tedious boring this i have a habit of
running into people camping with ghosts
in strange dark corners but um maybe
that's just my experience maybe you guys
experience different but um yeah
definitely on the note of sending in
game plays and stuff definitely looking
for really original perks setups and
stuff like if you send me a gameplay of
you going like 10 and 0 using ballistic
knife only that that will definitely get
uploaded something like that like I mean
I big scores at this are definitely good
I'm not denying that this is an amazing
gameplay but it was always my kind of my
thing on my channel to make unique game
players and interesting perks and guns
and whatever so anything like that will
be definitely prioritized but um
he's on a nice little kill streak here
just running around the Galil extended
mags come in handy here look at that I
saw hip spray but going back to what I
was saying earlier about getting you
guys more content I've recorded about 10
more parts for the kingdom hearts let's
play array Raymond has been recorded for
the next in retrospect which is an
awesome awesome game have also been
trying to get hold of some black ops
gameplay but some of the gameplay you
guys sent me vayas I'd share and stuff I
downloaded it fine and but for whatever
reason it wouldn't open in Sony Vegas
Pro which suggests to me that the file
is corrupt or something this will also
be helped by the youtube thing like if
it uploads to youtube I can use it
that's a plain and simple but it seems
like some of the gameplays you guys sent
me were corrupt and I couldn't open them
so sorry for that use of gameplay or
anything but I cannot use the file
unfortunately this is a this is a nice
use of a motion sensor by the way it's a
very highly trafficked area in this map
also what I was going to say was you
probably heard my chair squeaking there
sir or will it wheelie chair I don't
think it's ever been cleaners life
cycles and so I go to all this dust and
stuff and if you sit on it too hard you
get this like puffs of dust come out
it's really horrible but uh mmm
delicious what I was going to say was
pokemon black and white is now out and
I'm very excited for it I don't have my
dears with me which is unfortunate so I
could go to the shop and buy the game
but I kinda left my DSI home so I gotta
wait until like April or something
before I go back home and get it this is
annoying very much because I'm very
excited about the game would you guys be
interested in seeing black and white
content on my channel whether that be
you know and actually walk through the
game or Wi-Fi battles i'm tempted to get
into it but I'm not really too keen on
the whole competitive battling thing
simply because it always seems to
generate into the same old over you
stuff used over and over again I guess
that's the definition of overused i just
made a completely redundant stable there
anyways the interesting thing about the
Galil is that it starts with more ammo
than the standard assault rifle it
starts with 35 bullets with the extended
mags normally it multiplies it by 1.5 so
like a gun with 20 would go to 30 etc
but the glial obviously has 35 fe x 1.5
you get 42.5 sorry correction 52.5 i'm
doing a math degree i'm going to fail
please God help me it would be 52.5 so
they just rounded it down to 50 so
technically the Galil benefits from
then it makes less than the other guns
too but you know it's still pretty nice
combination now as you can see it's very
helpful this guy is absolutely destroyed
them obviously the chopper gunner dogs
help but glee was a very strong weapon
one of my favorite sort Rovers using the
game the unsafe extremely good has
anyone else found that like I actually
find it easier to use the glee with the
iron sights and I do with the the red
door or the reflex or whatever kind of
like the SVT 40 from world of war kind
of reminds me of that anyways that was
the in the gameplay guys hope you
enjoyed this was an absolutely amazing
score as I've said feel free to
subscribe to the player that was it
please give a like rating if you enjoyed
it and I'll see you guys later don't
forget to submit your game plays if you
want to see on my channel thanks very
much bye